README.md, before:

## Join our union at [CPE, KMUTT Student Union](https://github.com/cpe-kmutt-student)

### 🤔 How to join?

To join our union, you must send us a pull request by adding a member function call with your GitHub username in [src/union.ts](https://github.com/cpe-kmutt-student/invitation/blob/main/src/union.ts) after other members.

```ts
member('this-is-my-github-username');
```

After your pull request is merged. please accept the invitation in your e-mail **within 7 days**,
otherwise, the invitation will expire.

Don't forget to introduce yourself in a pull request ticket!  
It must include your KMUTT student id *(630705xxxxx)* to identify your KMUTT status.

***HAVE A NICE DAY IN OUR UNION 💗***

### 🤔 What is this union?

[CPE KMUTT Student Union](https://github.com/cpe-kmutt-student) is a GitHub organization to develop software/hardware for the Activities organized by students of the [Department of Computer Engineering, KMUTT](https://cpe.kmutt.ac.th/).

For the main purpose, it is to collect repositories in one place, and to make it easier to manage and search repositories for the next generation of CPE KMUTT students.

Commit message:

docs: add org logo showing guide section

README.md, after:

## Join our union at [CPE, KMUTT Student Union](https://github.com/cpe-kmutt-student)

### 🤔 How to join?

To join our union, you must send us a pull request by adding a member function call with your GitHub username in [src/union.ts](https://github.com/cpe-kmutt-student/invitation/blob/main/src/union.ts) after other members.

```ts
member('this-is-my-github-username');
```
> Don't forget to introduce yourself in a pull request ticket!  
> It must include your KMUTT student id *(630705xxxxx)* to identify your KMUTT status.

After your pull request is merged. please accept the invitation in your e-mail **within 7 days**,
otherwise, the invitation will expire.

Once you are a member, you can go to the [member list page](https://github.com/orgs/cpe-kmutt-student/people) and change the membership visibility to "Public." This will add the **CPE** logo to your GitHub profile.

***HAVE A NICE DAY IN OUR UNION 💗***

### 🤔 What is this union?

[CPE KMUTT Student Union](https://github.com/cpe-kmutt-student) is a GitHub organization to develop software/hardware for the Activities organized by students of the [Department of Computer Engineering, KMUTT](https://cpe.kmutt.ac.th/).

For the main purpose, it is to collect repositories in one place, and to make it easier to manage and search repositories for the next generation of CPE KMUTT students.
